Alright, so you want to access ebooks. You're going to start on library.norscentral.edu
and then you're going to scroll down to this first bubble that says library
databases. Then you're going to take a look here at this feature database
section and scroll down to EBSCO ebook collection. This works best when you
already know what book you're looking for. I'm going to look for the message
and type that into our search bar. Once this loads we're going to click on the
title of the book that we want to access and then I'm going to click on access
now. Something to pay attention to when you are looking at our ebooks is scroll
down to this permissions section and check that it's available and then look
at how many copies are remaining. Sometimes licensing only allows one
student to access a book at a time. Sometimes, like for this one, it's three.
So if you are having issues feel free to reach out to the library but also look
at how many people are currently using that item. Now that we want to access it
we're going to click on access now ebook and then once that loads we should be
able to navigate the item. So I can click on this table of contents section and
start scrolling through the book. Happy reading!